Humph
Meet Chief Benlong
Why not?
Why is it expensive?
Xiao Chen, this is a genuine Dragon Palace
human beings and
Long Wei has the power of life and death
Really blind, you dog eyes
Long Wei is the commander of Long Wei
Responsible for protecting the safety of the Dragon Palace
But you have no right to draw a knife against the people of the hero
So here's one.
Second, the Dragon Palace system is strict
Hierarchical
You have no law enforcement or investigative powers
To sum up
You've made a big mistake.
Who are you?
How to deal with the Dragon Palace
So familiar
Brother Long, don't be deceived by him
I know this guy pretty well.
He is a liar
opportunistic scumbag
Did he just scare you?
Wait for your relationship with me
I can still lie to you, can't you come to give a congratulatory gift today?
But this congratulatory gift
But it was robbed by this young man
If this gets to the Dragon Palace
Be punished for guilt
If you let the lord in the Dragon Palace know your guilt
It's hard to die, but as the captain of the Dragon Guard
Don't shoot at will
This is simple.
You just need to help me hold down and kill me
If something goes wrong, it's mine.
If there is credit in the future
All belong to Brother Long
Good Dragon Palace
Others withdraw the medicine as soon as possible
Xiao Chan's current situation
Do you have a way out?